Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: October 31, 2019
========================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2019-10-31-borderlands-3-hotfixes-oct-31/

Posted: Oct 31 2019

This week's Borderlands 3 hotfixes, which will be live on all platforms by or before 3:00 PM PDT today, address various issues reported by the community. We appreciate all the help. Please keep sending in your bugs to support.2k.com!

Bug fixes
---------

- Addressed reported collision issues in various maps
- Raised the Eridian chest out of the dirt near The Terradome
- Made a modification to prevent certain players from escaping out of the Slaughter Shaft
- Addressed a potential progression blocker for "Footsteps of Giants" mission when fast traveling to a vehicle
- Removed an incorrect text description for the Legendary Sniper Rifle Stalker

No change has been made to the gameplay of the gun, only the text has been removed.

- Addressed a potential progression blocker during the "On the BloodPath" mission
- Addressed a reported concern that Emperor Spiderants were causing the screen to shake infinitely
- Addressed a reported concern where Rachael the Anointed's beam attack was not properly visible on all settings
- Addressed a reported concern that Troy was not spawning with his pistol
- Fixed a typo on mission text for "Blood Harvest: The Rebloodening"

Weapon fixes
------------

Tediore E-Tech Shotguns were set to the wrong value and were corrected, resulting in a damage increase for all Tediore E-Tech Shotguns.

- Tediore E-Tech Shotgun Damage increased by 50%

Bloody Harvest – Happy Halloween!
---------------------------------

As you play Borderlands 3 today, you'll notice it's even spookier! Haunted enemies are everywhere!

- For TODAY, October 31 ONLY – You will see a drastic increase in the number of Haunted enemies!

It's a great day to work on those Bloody Harvest challenges, Vault Hunters! After today, the rates will go back to their normal values. In the coming weeks, you will start seeing more standard Anointments on your gear as the spooky season begins to fade from Borderlands 3.

Anniversary Event
-----------------

We hope you all enjoyed the Mayhem on Twitch Anniversary event! After listening to community feedback during the event, we are making two changes to Mayhem Mode:

- The chance of receiving a weapon penalty as a Mayhem modifier will continue to be reduced at the same rate as the Mayhem on Twitch Week.
- The drop rate for Anointed gear has been increased.

Marking Gear as Trash/Favorite on PS4
-------------------------------------

After downloading last week's patch, some players on PS4 reported that they were unable to mark their guns as trash or favorite while in the inventory menu. We are working on fix for this and intend to implement it in the next patch.

Turning Off Guardian Rank
-------------------------

We have heard that some of you would like the option to turn off Guardian Rank. We're currently looking into how that can be achieved and intend to be able to provide more information in the future!

As always, if you experience any issues, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com. We're listening to your concerns and look forward to seeing everyone's feedback from this week. If you missed last week's roadmap, it covers topics like a larger bank, performance and stability, character buffs, target dummies, and more. Read that roadmap here: October 24 Patch, Hotfix, and Roadmap notes.

