Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: December 5, 2019
========================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2019-12-05-borderlands-3-hotfixes-dec-5/

Posted: Dec 5 2019

Today we will release a hotfix for Borderlands 3 which will be live on all platforms by 3:00 PM PST. This hotfix addresses various issues reported by the community. Hotfixes are applied at the main menu. You should see a sign in the background when they have been applied. If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

With this hotfix, the Bloody Harvest event is fading from Borderlands 3. As the event ends, you will no longer see Haunted enemies, travel to Heck, or be able to complete Bloody Harvest challenges until the spooky season returns next year! Thank you to everyone for the great feedback, your enjoyment, and the amazing spooky shots taken with Photo Mode in Heck! We're taking what we've seen and heard from this event and are exploring how to apply these learnings to the next one.

- Addressed a reported issue where loot was sometimes falling into an unreachable area in Slaughterstar 3000
- Addressed a reported issue where the movement speed bonus with Amara's passive ability "Mindfulness" when buffed with Spiritual Driver class mod was sometimes extremely high
  - Mindfulness was designed with the intent that reaching maximum stacks was not easily achievable so the bonus per grade was high. We want players to take advantage of move speed but not to the extent where parts of the game may not function correctly.
- Addressed a reported issue with the Spiritual Driver class mod where it was sometimes awarding damage for all types of damage and not just gun damage
- Decreased pet audio so FL4K's Jabber would be less vocal
- Zane's passive ability "Death Follows Close" fails to bring correct bonus to several kill skills after unlocking this ability in Skills menu
- Addressed a reported issue where Zane's passive ability "Nerves of Steel" would sometimes lose functionality after fast traveling
- Fixed typos on Desperate Measures and Stainless Steel Bear skills
- Fixed multiple spots where players were sometimes able to escape the map in Skywell-27
- Fixed multiple spots where players would sometimes get stuck in Ambermire
- Fixed various areas in Septic Sluice and Green Diamond Platform that allowed players to reach unintended areas
- Fixed various areas on Pandora that sometimes allowed players to escape the map
- Fixed a reported issue where some players could not hear the flaming skulls from Billy, the Anointed
- Fixed a reported issue where Brick's sledgehammer sometimes continued to spin after being thrown at an enemy during the mission "Hammerlocked"

Hotfixes generally address smaller things, while patches contain code that must go through a lengthier patch process. The next patch will be coming later this month and will contain the first DLC, Moxxi's Heist of the Handsome Jackpot! It will also address reported concerns that we have seen in the last patch, including Guardian Rank and additional vending machines in Skywell-27.

Moxxi's Heist of the Handsome Jackpot will be available to players on December 19 who have purchased the Season Pass or the Borderlands 3 Super Deluxe Edition.

At the end of the month, look forward to spending the new year with Maliwan in Borderlands 3! In a time-limited event, the Takedown at the Maliwan Blacksite will be scaled depending on the number of players in your party. You'll be able to play solo or with a party of any size to score all that sweet Takedown loot!

