Today we released a small update to Borderlands 3 that fixes a number of reported bugs and implements some balance updates:

**Bug Fixes**

- Yellow paint has been added to Ambermire to mark a more obvious path to complete the Sabotage Crew Challenge.
- The New-U Station in front of the Halcyon Suborbital Spaceport (used during the "Space-Laser Tag" Mission) in the Meridian Metroplex now has a larger activation range.
- The New-U Station in front of Titan's Gate (used during the "Atlas, At Last" Mission) in the Meridian Metroplex now has a larger activation range.
- The first Guardian a player runs into during the "Beneath the Meridian" mission is no longer over-leveled.
- The Eridian chest by the Grotto in the Jakob's Estate is no longer invisible.

**Balance Updates**

- Eridium crystals in Voracious Canopy grow less frequently.
- The amount of loot drops have been scaled down in Mayhem Mode.
- Torgue shotgun sticky damage has been reduced.
- E-Tech shotgun elemental damage has been reduced from "flesh off your bones" to "a lot".
- Chupacabratch dropped too much of his hard-earned loot.
- Adjusted spawn rate of Loot Tinks in Mansion. They're special again.
- Removed pain-sounds from Troy for his boss fight.

Hotfixes are applied at the Game Menu when you start the game. To ensure that the hotfix has been applied, go to the in-game menu and see if "Updates are available" is showing.

We know players have enjoyed a lot of our unique items and might be worried about the changes to Mayhem Mode. Mayhem Mode will still greatly increase higher rarity drop rates across all the worlds in Borderlands 3. The changes made in Mayhem Mode today, specifically on Chupacabratch and Loot Tinks, were made to spread some of the glory of loot explosions to the other areas and other enemies to hunt. We want Vault Hunters to hunt for unique items across all the worlds. That is the core promise of Mayhem Mode. The targeted adjustments seek to keep the grind fresh while still retaining an increase to unique drops for all parts of the game. We will be closely monitoring the changes to make sure players are still enjoying all the unique gear in the game.

In between the larger patches that will continue to expand and improve the game—the first one of those coming next week—we're able to make more minor adjustments via these hot fixes or 'micropatches' to improve and fine-tune your experience at a quicker pace. We'll continue to roll out these incremental improvements while evaluating gameplay data and identifying necessary balance adjustments, and will be keeping record of all patches on our site.

We are hard at work investigating issues that have been reported, including performance concerns and potential major bugs. Hot fixes generally are used to make balance changes and are handled by the design team. Additional reported concerns may affect other teams which may require that changes are made in a true content patch/title update. Together the Borderlands 3 teams are working tirelessly to release various patches or updates as soon as possible, however, we didn't want to wait on balance changes just for the sake of appearances.

We are aware that the above list of changes may not include all concerns that some players have reported experiencing, as detailed in the Borderlands 3 Troubleshooting and Optimization Guide. Thank you for your continued support.
