Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: November 7, 2019
========================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2019-11-07-borderlands-3-hotfixes-nov-7/

Posted: Nov 7 2019

This week's Borderlands 3 hotfixes, which will be live on all platforms by or before 3:00 PM PDT today, include quality-of-life adjustments to Bloody Harvest and address various issues reported by the community. We appreciate all the help. Please keep sending in your bugs and feedback to support.2k.com!

Bloody Harvest Adjustments
--------------------------

Captain Haunt is a fun boss fight with multiple phases, but players were often skipping entire phases because Captain Haunt's shields were so low. We increased his shields to make the fight slightly more engaging for most players and dramatically increased the loot drop chance, so players are compensated nicely for defeating Captain Haunt.

- Increased Captain Haunt's chance to drop legendary gear
- Increased Captain Haunt's shields
- The Hecktoplasm drop rate from Ghosts has been increased
  - Ghosts drop 2 Hecktoplasm
  - Badass Ghosts drop 3 Hecktoplasm
  - Loot Ghosts drop 5 Hecktoplasm
- Loot Ghosts now drop more loot
- Loot Ghosts have an increased the chance of dropping Bloody Harvest specific legendary gear

Terror Anointments
------------------

Following what we’ve seen and heard from the Community and the fading Halloween season, you’re going to start seeing less Terror anointed parts dropping from regular enemies. Bloody Harvest enemies (including Ghosts!) will be picking up the slack, so if you are hunting to make a spooky build you know where to look!

- The chance for Terror anointed parts to drop from regular enemies has been decreased.
- The chance for Terror anointed parts to drop from Bloody Harvest enemies has been increased.

Bug fixes
---------

- Anointed enemies are no longer immune to Cryo damage.

Note: Although they can be slowed by Cryo damage, they cannot be frozen.

- Addressed a reported potential progression blocker for "It's Alive" with the Abomination bot.
- Addressed a reported potential progression blocker if players quit the game at a certain point in "The Guns of Reliance"
- Addressed a reported issue that Explosive Gunpowder barrels where not showing effects when shot.
- Explosions created by enemy Badass' weapons have a much quicker explosion effect to reduce screen clutter

We found that Badass enemies with heavy weapons were creating too many explosion effects that lingered on the screen, hindering the player's view at times. We are going to make a larger change to their weapons in the patch but wanted to shorten the explosion particle effect to dramatically lower screen clutter.

