Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: March 12, 2020
======================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2020-03-12-borderlands-3-hotfixes-mar-12/

Today we will release a hotfix for Borderlands 3 which will be live on all platforms. This hotfix addresses concerns reported by the community and adjusts various locations where enemies were sometimes spawning under-leveled. To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign that says “Hotfixes Applied”! If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

General
-------

- Addressed a reported concern that was causing Typhon to sometimes be a potential blocker in “Shadow of Starlight”
- Addressed a reported concern that the Jabbermogwai was sometimes not dropping loot at the correct rate

Characters
----------

We’re looking to go over each of the Vault Hunters to identify any inconsistencies in gameplay. Some of these concerns will have to be addressed via patches, but for issues such as incorrect values being listed, we’re able to adjust in hotfixes.

- Removed the Gunner’s “General Winter” minigun damage penalty and Cryo penalty.
- Adjusted the Gunner’s “Exploding. Bullets.” skill to match the current damage output, which was sometimes higher than stated on the skill description
- Addressed an issue with the Beastmaster’s “Furious Attack” skill where it was sometimes rounding its values and making the skill description and damage output appear inconsistent
- Addressed an issue with the Beastmaster’s “Hunter’s Eye” skill where the skill description was sometimes showing values from incorrect fields

Location Re-Balancing
---------------------

This adjustment will only affect new characters as we continue to improve and balance progression. We’ll first implement this change on Friday, March 13 for PC players on Steam and Epic; players on all other platforms (PlayStation®4, Xbox One, Stadia, and Mac) will receive these improvements in a patch coming later this month.

We found that new players were consistently entering certain areas over-leveled for the content they were playing. This occasionally trivialized those areas, as enemies were sometimes much weaker than intended for that point in the game. We also found that some side missions later in the game were largely ignored because of these balance irregularities. These balance changes bring the enemies up to the average level that we see players hitting in these locations.

- Various areas and side missions on Nekrotafeyo should now match the average level of players
- Enemies in The Anvil should now match the average level of players

Weapons
-------

**Sickle**

- Addressed a reported concern that the “Boom” prefix was sometimes not receiving the buff from last week’s hotfix

**Boomer**

- Increased weapon damage

**The Garcia**

- Increased the Fire Rate
- Increased the number of projectiles shot

**Hellfire**

- Increased weapon damage
- Increased the Damage Over Time amount

**Hyperfocus XZ41**

- Increased weapon damage

**Linc**

- Increased weapon damage

**Nemesis**

- Increased weapon damage

**Nimble Jack**

- Increased weapon damage
- Added 100% Bonus Critical Damage

**Ogre**

- Increased weapon damage

**One Pump Chump**

- Increased weapon damage

**Roisen’s Thorns**

- Increased weapon damage

**Sawbar**

- Increased weapon damage
- Adjusted the timing of when the three projectiles split to be sooner

**SkekSil**

- Increased the Extra Projectile Damage

**Tankman’s Shield**

- Increased the Maximum Damage Cap by 200%
- Increased the percent damage awarded per kill

