Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: July 2, 2020
====================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2020-07-02-borderlands-3-hotfixes-july-2/

Posted: Jul 2 2020

Today we will release a hotfix for Borderlands 3, which will be live on all platforms by 12:00 PM PST. This week’s hotfixes re-add the two previously disabled Mayhem modifiers and address some reported concerns.

Everyone has had a great time seeing the community’s reactions to Bounty of Blood and all the changes that came to Mayhem Mode with this last patch. The team has been enjoying and laughing along at all the quirky and different builds that everyone has been playing and sharing with others. We are happy with the amount of diversity in overall gameplay that came out of the changes that were made and hope that it has encouraged you to revisit some other skills, builds, and gear that you hadn’t previously. Due to it still being early in the life span of the changes, we are continuing to watch feedback and what is coming out of the community before reacting to any builds that might appear more overpowered or threaten to limit what players feel like they can play.

To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign that says “Hotfixes Applied”! If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

- Reenabled the Mayhem Modifiers Boundary Issues and Drone Ranger
- Prevented the camera from resetting after closing Photo Mode in a vehicle in the campaign add-on Bounty of Blood
- Addressed an issue with Amara the Siren’s Glamour sometimes not respecting the enemy’s allegiance in the campaign add-on Bounty of Blood
- Addressed a concern that the Gunner Class Mod Megaton Mind Sweeper was sometimes spamming errors in the game log
- Addressed various grammatical concerns throughout Borderlands 3

This hotfix it also updates descriptions on some skill cards for Moze, the Gunner, to make them accurate to what was happening during gameplay.

- Updated the Gunner’s Molten Roar’s skill card to include text for its 100% damage boost to the Salamander Thrower and remove the listed fuel penalty
- The plus sign for the damage on Gunner’s Hammerdown Protocol has been removed
- Updated the Gunner’s Target Softening skill description to list the 50% magazine penalty for Vanquisher
- Updated the Gunner’s Active Tracking skill description to list the magazine size
- Updated the Gunner’s Shockhammer skill description to list the reduction to Bear Fist base damage

