Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: January 23, 2020
========================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2020-01-23-borderlands-3-hotfixes-jan-23/

Posted: Jan 23 2020

Today we will release a hotfix for Borderlands 3, which will be live on PlayStation®4, Xbox One, and PC by 3:00 PM PST. This hotfix addresses various concerns reported by the community and some perceived progression blockers! To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign that says “Hotfixes Applied”! If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

- Updated a texture for the Incendiary Badass and Super Badass Varkid
- Adjusted the chest rewards at the end of the Proving Grounds to be more rewarding at all tiers of completion
  - With more players running the Proving Grounds for dedicated loot drops from the bosses, we noticed the chests not rewarding players as much as we intended. We’ve boosted these chests to reflect the effort players must take to complete the objectives.  Completing all of the objectives gives the best legendary drop rate and scales down accordingly.
- Increased bonus radiation damage while Gamma Burst is active from 65% to 115%
  - We’re happy to see the response to the boosted anointment bonuses we released last week. After additional testing, we want to also boost the effects of Gamma Burst anointments for FL4K.
- Addressed a perceived progression blocker that could occur when the player travels to another map and back to Sanctuary after releasing Tannis during the mission “Sanctuary”
- Addressed a perceived progression blocker where players could not speak to Brick during the mission “Hammerlocked” in The Anvil
- Addressed a perceived progression blocker where Ember would sometimes not appear to assist the players in various mission steps

