Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: July 9, 2020
====================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2020-07-09-borderlands-3-hotfixes-july-9/

Posted: Jul 9 2020

Today we will release a hotfix for Borderlands 3, which will be live on all platforms by 12:00 PM PST. This week’s hotfixes address some reported concerns. We are still monitoring the feedback from the character changes around the previous patch and identifying what we would want to adjust and how.

To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign that says “Hotfixes Applied”! If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

Some players have expressed an interest in shields that do damage to enemies being scaled with Mayhem. We are looking to add Mayhem scaling to those shields in a future update. While assessing, we noticed that the change that allowed Mayhem gear to spawn in chests and vending machines also applies to the guns that spawn with enemies. This results in a Mayhem 10 enemy’s weapon doing Mayhem 10 damage to its target. This wasn’t initially intended, and we are monitoring how this is affecting difficulty in higher levels of Mayhem and are looking into how it could be addressed in a future patch.

- Patched a hole in the Atrium of the Bounty of Blood campaign add-on to prevent players from busting through the wall and seeing the other side
- Addressed a reported concern that some damage effects from Lucky 7 sometimes did not function after exiting Iron Bear

