Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: January 9, 2020
=======================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2020-01-09-borderlands-3-hotfixes-jan-9/

Posted: Jan 9 2020

Today we will release a hotfix for Borderlands 3, which will be live on PlayStation®4, Xbox One, and PC by 3:00 PM PST. This hotfix addresses various concerns reported by the community. To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign appear! If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

- Addressed a reported concern that FL4K's Furious Attack was sometimes not applying bonuses to pet damage as expected
- Addressed a reported concern that Rakkcelerate was sometimes not applying the cooldown modifier as stated on the skill's description
- Addressed a reported concern that Cheap Tip's total weapon shield capacity was sometimes not appearing in the tooltip on the item card
- Addressed a reported concern that The Arbalest of Discipline was sometimes spawning with just shields

**Anointed Enforcer**

We found an issue where Anointed Enforcer's immunity abilities would sometimes cause them to be more difficult than intended. We have lowered their health temporarily as we investigate further and find a permanent solution.

- Temporarily lowered the health on Anointed Enforcer

**Takedown at the Maliwan Blacksite**

Thank you everyone for your patience as we work on the scaled Takedown at the Maliwan Blacksite event. We were unable to bring it to you during New Years, but we are looking to start the event next week!

From January 16 to January 30, you'll be able to look forward to a slightly easier Takedown as you aim to grab as much of that loot as you can! If you've wanted to experience Takedown at the Maliwan Blacksite but were having a hard time making progress or finding a party, this is the perfect opportunity to jump in and wreak havoc on Maliwan's most elite soldiers and robots. After January 30, we're bringing the event back up to its intended difficulty level.

