Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: April 22, 2021
======================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2021-04-22-borderlands-3-hotfixes-apr-22/

Posted: Apr 22 2021

Today’s changes to Borderlands 3 change the quality of drop rates from various sources and additional concerns reported by the community. These adjustments drop rates are based on community feedback after the reduction in world drops from April 8.

As a reminder, Maurice’s Black Market Vending Machine will be moving to a new location on Thursdays at 9:00 AM PT / 12:00 PM ET and is activated with a hotfix.

These changes will be live on all platforms by 12:00 PM PT. To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign that reads, “Hotfixes Applied!” If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

- Updated the Tobaggan Legendary Artifact to give the intended slide bonus
- Updated the item card on the Siren’s Death’s Blessings class mod to accurately represent the bonus
- Assigned dedicated sources for various Guns, Love, and Tentacles gear within that DLC
  - The following pieces of gear now have dedicated sources: Flama Diddle, Insider, Seeryul Killer, Oldridian, Torch and Old God shields, and each Class Mod. Happy hunting!
- Rebalanced the drop weights for Legendary weapons
  - This adjustment to the Legendary drop rates means that sniper rifles will no longer drop at a disproportionally higher rate compared to other weapon types
- Increased the amount of loot that drops from all bosses
- Increased the chance for Class Mods and Artifacts to drop from bosses in the base game and in add-on content
- Increased the chance for Class Mods and Artifacts to drop in Proving Ground Trials chests
- Increased the chance for players to receive Legendary rewards in the Proving Ground Trial chests
  - If players complete a Trial within the fastest time, they should have all Legendary rewards now, except for cosmetics drops (which will drop regardless of rarity).
- Increased the amount of Eridium rewarded from Vault Card Chests
  - We’ve been keeping an eye on how the community is using their Eridium, and agreed with the sentiment that the amount given from Vault Card Chests was too low. We’ve increased the reward to 500.
- Increased the amount of Eridium dropped from Circle of Slaughter Bosses
 - Last week we gave Proving Ground Trials Class Mods and Artifacts to create an a more reliable end game farm for those items. This week we are adding more Eridium to Slaughter bosses. Each boss (only Red Rain in the Slaughterstar 3000) will drop an additional stack of Eridium that will reward players 500 Eridium.

