Borderlands 3 Hotfixes: March 11, 2021
======================================

Original URL: https://borderlands.com/en-US/news/2021-03-11-borderlands-3-hotfixes-mar-11/

Posted: Mar 11 2021

Today’s hotfixes in Borderlands 3 will be addressing a melee damage exploit with Amara, increasing the damage of some weapons, and adding the R.Y.N.A.H to loot enemies. Before we list the changes, we have an update to the date for the Director’s Cut add-on:

Due to challenges arising from the severe weather that impacted Texas last month, the Director’s Cut add-on will now launch on April 8. Thankfully, all of our team members and their families are safe and healthy, but our work on Director’s Cut was unavoidably disrupted and we’ve ultimately decided to shift the release date to ensure we deliver the best possible experience. We appreciate your understanding, and we’re excited for you to play Director’s Cut when it releases next month.

Today’s changes will be live on all platforms by 12:00 PM PT. To apply hotfixes, wait at the main menu until you see a sign that reads, “Hotfixes Applied!” If you are experiencing any issues or want to provide feedback, please submit a ticket to support.2k.com.

- Loot variant enemies will now have a chance to drop the Legendary Rocket Launcher R.Y.N.A.H
- Added the Firestorm Grenade Mod to Aurelia’s boss pool

The Siren’s Remnant skill was doing more damage than we ever intended for it. The skill is only supposed to affect gun and skill damage, but we (and the community—looking at you “Game Breaker Amara” build) found it was also adding unlisted bonuses to melee, slide, and slam damage. We have addressed this exploit and made changes to some of the gear that benefitted from this bug.

- Removed unlisted melee, slide, and slam damage from the Siren’s Remnant skill
- Adjusted the melee damage done by the Fish Slap grenade mod
- Lowered the sticky grenade bonus damage for the White Elephant artifact

Weapon Adjustments
------------------

We increased the damage of various pieces of gear to bring them more in line. These weapons are all receiving increased damage:

- Webslinger
- Devoted
- Roisen’s Thorns
- Magnificent
- Mother Too
- Smart Gun XXL
- Ten Gallon

